Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"&
I thought you were
bringing your "A" game today,
but you and your monsters
have flunked miserably!
We've been saving
the very best for last!
It's showtime!
(announcer on PA)
Folks, I can feel
the electricity!
The whole city has rallied
behind Yuya!
Spiral Flame Strike!
That's a wrap!
(announcer)
The Friendship Cup has a new
champion, Yuya Sakaki!
Let's hear it for Yuya,
New Domino City!
He earned it today!
Yeah!
That's right!
(man on PA)
Today Jack and Yuya showed us
the city can be unified.
New Domino will no longer
be divided in two.
Instead, you must
work together
to build a better future
for all our citizens!
Yuya!
Roget took Zuzu!
He did what?
Roget said...
he's taking Zuzu...
back to...
Duel Academy‐‐ Aagh!
Sora!
You're nuts!
Only a madman would program
his own headquarters
to
self‐destruct!
What better way
to cover my tracks
than to leave no tracks
at all?
To make it any further,
you'd have to get past me.
Let's duel!
Don't worry, Zuzu!
Roget isn't taking you anywhere!
That's a promise!
♪
♪ Hey hey ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
Gong!
I'd never guess a guy like you
would be so light on your feet!
Slow down!!
Gong don't slow down when
Gong's friends are in trouble!
(plane roaring)
It's Shay.
Come on, you could've given us
a ride, you jerk!
You ready?
Yeah!
Who needs a door,
when a window will do just fine!
Smash it, Rise Falcon!
You say that you're the best
Duel Academy has to offer.
If that's truly the case
then I guess my father
has lowered his standards.
Oh, Declan,
once I get through
knocking your sorry self
off your high horse,
I shall drag you back
to your father,
and then proceed to show him
how far his son has fallen.
You're living
in a dream world,
and I'm here to wake you up
with a painful dose of reality.
Defeating me and running back
to Duel Academy
isn't going
to happen.
You will fail as usual.
Verbal claptrap.
Say whatever
you'd like, Roget,
but I promise you this:
Your days of troublemaking
end here and now!
And to make good on my word,
I'm activating the spell card
Forbidden Dark Contract
With The Swamp King!
I can now summon D/D/D Chaos
King Apocalypse!
(roaring)
Its reign
will be short.
You're right because
thanks to my spell,
I can use Chaos King
to summon a Fusion monster
without using
Polymerization.
I fuse Chaos King Apocalypse
and D/D Lamia!
I fusion summon D/D/D
Dragonbane King Beowulf!
Fusion summoning
without Polymerization.
You must think
you're so clever, Declan.
There's no thinking
about it, Roget.
I know it as fact...
Because when I use my
Tuner Monster D/D Lamia
to Fusion Summon,
I can discard my spell Forbidden
Dark Contract With The Swamp
King to the graveyard
which allows me
to bring back D/D Lamia!
A Tuner?
That means you can
Synchro Summon!
I can do more
than that.
What?
I'm going to crush you and
your monsters into oblivion!
Zuzu!
Where are you?
I'm setting
the Pendulum Scale
with my
Scale 6 D/D Savant Thomas
and my Scale 8 D/D
Savant Nikola,
I Pendulum Summon!
Now I can summon as many Level 7
monsters as I see fit!
The energy
of the universe swings
between the forces of
darkness and of light.
I shall now harness the power of
this eternal oscillation!
I Pendulum Summon
and call upon my D/D/D Chaos
King Apocalypse once again!
(monster roaring)
Level 1 D/D Lamia tunes Level 7
Chaos King Apocalypse!
I Synchro Summon!
Appear, Level 8 D/D/D Cursed
King Siegfried!
He paired Synchro Summoning
with Pendulum?
D/D/D Cursed King Siegfried
negates a spell or trap card
until your next turn,
so the effect of your
Magic Shield is history!
So what was once indestructible
is now target practice.
You think you can outduel me?
Well, think again, Roget!
You're finished!
Blast you, Declan!
Now Beowulf!
Attack Ancient Gear Howitzer!
Beowulf deals you damage even if
your monster is in defense mode!
Your reign over New Domino City
ends here and now, Roget!
Siegfried, attack
and finish this duel!
(Roget laughs)
Nothing's finished.
Did you really think
you'd won?
Because I have
zero life points?
I'm beyond
life points.
I'm immortal!
Declan, you must
be careful.
Roget duels as though
he has nine lives.
All right, it's time
to finish you off!
(roaring)
He's gone!
Like his life points.
(Roget laughs)
(computer voice)
Intrusion penalty:
2,000 life points.
(laughing loudly)
How is this possible?
What crazy magic trick
is this?
No trick.
I am immortal,
Declan.
You might defeat me,
but you'll never win.
And you will never
get rid of me, ever.
No matter how hard you try,
no matter how strong you duel,
you will eventually fall
to me, Declan.
I'm an unstoppable force
that will never relent
until you're nothing
but a shattered shell.
(laughing)
Well, this communication center
has seen better days.
Hopefully Sora got outta here
before it got blasted.
Yeah, and hopefully he's
in better shape than this room.
Don't worry about Sora,
the kid's gonna be fine.
How do you know?
Did you see him?
No, but I've seen him
in action.
He's as tough as they come,
and I got the scars to prove it.
Ninjas can break
into many places...
(groans),
just not cyberspace.
Riley!
Moon Shadow!
Yuya!
Have you seen Zuzu?
My brother's locked in there
with her and Roget.
We tried everything,
but we can't break in.
I'm activating D/D Savant
Thomas' Pendulum ability
which permits me to return
one Pendulum Monster
in my Extra Deck
to my hand.
And that monster is
D/D/D Chaos King Apocalypse.
And with that, I'll end
with a facedown.
So, you still want
to keep dueling?
My, you're forever
the optimist.
Well,
here's a reality check.
You never
had a chance!
(laughing)
Let's see.
Maybe we should try
kicking it again?
Yuya!
Gong!
Perfect timing!
We need your help, buddy.
You gotta "Gongdoze"
this door
so we can rescue Zuzu
and Declan from Roget!
We tried to bust the lock,
but no such luck!
Sheesh!
Can't you guys do anything
on your own?
(Yuya)
Sora!
I guess it's up to me to save
the day once again for you guys.
(moaning)
Sora!
I got you!
And I'll get to...
unlocking that lock.
It's been a long day,
but I have one more trick
up my sleeve.
All right, let me show you guys
how a hero does some "heroing."
Zuzu!
Declan!
We're in an interesting
situation.
A never‐ending duel.
Never‐ending?
That's right!
Which means I can
never be defeated!
No.
Not necessarily.
(Roget scoffs)
One of us
could decide to quit.
You.
Are you suggesting
that I might forfeit?
(laughing)
Absolutely
ludicrous!
It's my turn!
Ha!
D/D/D Chaos King Apocalypse's
special ability allows me
to summon it
during your turn!
(roaring)
But by doing so, I must get rid
of D/D Savant Thomas
and D/D Savant Nikola
from my Pendulum Zone.
I know for a fact
that Pendulum Summoning
is an important weapon
for you.
So now that you have abandoned
it, you are never going to win!
I wouldn't be
so sure.
When D/D Savant Nikola
is destroyed,
I can return one Pendulum
Monster on the field to my hand.
This allows me to once again
set the Pendulum Scale
with Savant Nikola
and Savant Thomas.
And now, I activate
the trap
Dark Contract
with the Swinging Abyss!
Whenever a D/D Pendulum Monster
returns to my hand,
my opponent takes damage equal
to my monster's defense points.
Chaos Apocalypse
has 2,000 defense points.
So you take 2,000 points
of damage,
which is all the life
points you have left!
Roget's gone!
Not for long.
(laughing)
Like I said,
I can keep resurrecting.
How's he able
to do that?
Intrusion penalty:
2,000 life points.
You can never
get rid of me, Declan.
Yes.
And now I have you exactly
where I want you, Roget.
That's absurd!
Is it?
I can destroy D/D Savant Thomas
and D/D Savant Nicola again
to summon
Chaos King Apocalypse.
And by returning Chaos King
Apocalypse to my hand,
I set the Pendulum Scale
once more,
which triggers my Dark
Contract With Swinging Abyss
that deals you 2,000 points
of damage,
which eliminates
all your life points.
So when you resurrect,
I just do this combo all over
and defeat you again.
And again and again,
until the end of time!
(gasping)
So, you lose,
Roget,
and I'm talking
to the real Roget up there!
(Yuya)
Zuzu!
You could never
fool me, Roget!
Declan, you think
you're so smart?
Well, I have Zuzu and
I'm bringing her back with me
to the Fusion Dimension
and handing her over
to your father, the Professor!
Gong don't
get it!
He hasn't told you about
his famous father, has he?
That doesn't
surprise me.
He's Leo Akaba.
The Professor.
The leader
of Duel Academy!
Duel Academy?
So, then his pops
is the head honcho
of the guys
we're fighting?
This don't add up
to Gong!
There's no way
Declan's the Professor's boy!
It's true.
And Declan's
cunning duplicity
has made all of you
unwitting accomplices
in the dimensional war!
Impossible!
Oh,
don't be naiïve.
The Professor's master plan
was to split the work.
He conquers
the Fusion and Xyz Dimensions,
his son Declan the Standard
and Synchro Dimensions.
Declan never told you
the Lancers are
the Akabas' private army!
(gasping)
I'm in their way, of course,
so they want me eliminated.
(chuckling)
Things are going according
to their plan.
Once I'm pushed aside,
Declan will declare himself
king of this city‐‐
nay, of the whole
Synchro Dimension!
(laughing)
You've laid out
a very convincing story
except for
one thing.
If what you are saying
is true,
then why did the Professor
send you to this dimension?
After all, you did say
you were the best duelist
Duel Academy had
to offer.
You're nothing
but a no good liar, Roget!
(grunting
with malice)
I believe Declan
a hundred percent!
He's trying
to help us all
but you're just trying
to help yourself!
Let Zuzu go!
I'm afraid I can't.
Your friend
is my lifeline!
Zuzu is the key
to my survival.
I'll never let her go.
Move it!
Zuzu!
Now then...
Off to the Professor
and Duel Academy we go.
He should reward me
quite handsomely
for delivering
such a worthy prize.
Oh, I wouldn't worry
too much,
I'm sure your cell won't be
too cold and damp.
I can't wait
to see his face.
Hey Roget!
Next floor's
your last!
'Cause your ride's
about to hit rock bottom!
You're the one who threw
New Domino City into chaos
and you're going to pay,
the hard way!
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend:
Turn up the heat!
(Roget and Zuzu screaming)
Oh, no!
Zuzu!
Hip Hippo!
Zuzu.
Wake up.
It's all right.
You're safe now.
I'm safe.
I missed you.
We're finally
back together.
And I'll never let you
outta my sight again!
(sobbing)
(Roget, scoffing)
You think you're all safe!
Roget!
That you've defeated me
and won?
(grunting)
Wow, he doesn't know
when to quit.
Of course not, I always have
another plan ready.
What you're standing on
is the biggest interdimensional
transporter known to man!
And with it, I'm sending you all
plummeting to other dimensions!
That's crazy!
He's two cards short
of a deck!
And the best part, I have no
idea where you'll end up.
I hope that you don't
scare easily.
Some of these dimensions
can be quite horrific.
And this
is checkmate!
I'm clearing
the board.
Bon voyage, Yuya!
You lose!
You all lose!
(laughing)
I've really outdone myself.
This is an incomparable end
game!
(moaning)
Riley!
Ohhh!
You saved me.
Hang on!
(frightened gasps)
(laughing wildly)
It's time, time for you all
to fall!
You're all going into the void,
to disappear forever!
Ta‐ta!
See you never!
(Roget screaming)
No!
Huh?
The hole's closed up!
And we're all
in one piece.
Are we safe now?
We are.
Everything's gonna be okay,
Zuzu, I promise.
'Cause you're back
with your friends.
And Roget won't
bother us anymore.
So let's win this war
and go home.
Yuya...
I'm glad
you're all right.
What the‐‐
Yuya, what's
happening now?
Not sure, but it looks like
the dimensional transporter
is
rebooting again.
(Zuzu screams)
Zuzu!
Yuya!
Aaaah!
Don't let go!
(all screaming)
What happened?
I'm not sure...
But it seems likely Roget's
dimensional transporter
malfunctioned
and created a wormhole.
A wormhole?
(Sora)
It's a kind of connection
through space.
Almost like a tunnel
between dimensions.
That's right.
But wormholes aren't routes that
can be predictably traveled.
So where's Yuya
and the others?
They were transported
to another dimension.
But I don't know
which one,
or if we will ever
find out which one.
They may be lost
forever.
Huh?
Whoa!
Looks like New Domino City
got totally blown away!
We're not
in New Domino City.
(Gong)
How do you know?
Because this is my home,
or what's left of it.
We're in the Xyz Dimension.